Simple Edit to the Readme (#139)
AmericanAirlines/Hangar: README.md

---

# Local Development
## Postgres
Hangar uses Postgres 11, so you'll need to set it up on your machine. If you don't have Postgres installed already, see the [installation](#installation) section below. 

Create a database (we suggest `hangar`, if you chose something else or are running your server on a different port, make sure to create a `DATABASE_URL` value in `.env` with your override URL) in the PostgreSQL 11 server (do not make a new server), and then run the app. If your Postgres server is protected by a password, you'll need to add `PGUSER` and `PGPASSWORD` to your `.env` file where `PGUSER` will be `postgres` and `PGPASSWORD` will be the Postgres server password entered during installation.

When the app is deployed to a cloud environment, the `DATABASE_URL` `.env` var will be used (and is automatically set in Heroku when an associated service is connected to your app).

### Installation

> During the installation process (if you follow the steps on [postgresql.org](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)]), you will be prompted to create a password - make sure to use something you'll remember.

Reviewer: Whoops I left a rogue bracket in there
```suggestion
During the installation process (if you follow the steps on [postgresql.org](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)), you will be prompted to create a password - make sure to use something you'll remember.
```

---

# Local Development

> Hangar uses Postgres 11, so you'll need to set it up on your machine. During the installation process, you will be prompted to create a password. You need to create PGUSER and PGPASSWORD in your `.env` file where PGUSER will be `postgres` and PGPASSWORD will be the password you enter upon installation. Create a database (we suggest `hangar`, if you chose something else or are running your server on a different port, make sure to create a `DATABASE_URL` value in `.env` with your override URL) in the PostgreSQL 11 server, ensure it is not a seperate server, and then run the app. When the app is deployed to a cloud environment, the `DATABASE_URL` `.env` var will be used (and is automatically set in Heroku when an associated service is connected to your app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Postgres
Hangar uses Postgres 11, so you'll need to set it up on your machine. If you don't have Postgres installed already, see the [installation](#installation) section below. 

Create a database (we suggest `hangar`, if you chose something else or are running your server on a different port, make sure to create a `DATABASE_URL` value in `.env` with your override URL) in the PostgreSQL 11 server (do not make a new server), and then run the app. If your Postgres server is protected by a password, you'll need to add `PGUSER` and `PGPASSWORD` to your `.env` file where `PGUSER` will be `postgres` and `PGPASSWORD` will be the Postgres server password entered during installation.

When the app is deployed to a cloud environment, the `DATABASE_URL` `.env` var will be used (and is automatically set in Heroku when an associated service is connected to your app).

### Installation
During the installation process (if you follow the steps on [postgresql.org](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)]), you will be prompted to create a password - make sure to use something you'll remember.
```
